Kafka upgrade docs (#1126)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/proc-downgrading-brokers-older-kafka.adoc

IMPORTANT: Downgrading is not possible if the version being downgraded _from_ has ever used a `log.message.format.version` that's not supported by the version being downgraded _to_. 
For example if a 2.1.0 cluster has _always_ been configured with `log.message.format.version=2.0` then downgrading to 2.0 is possible, but downgrading to 1.1.0 is not possible.

.Prerequisites

* The Cluster Operator up and running.
* A `Kafka` resource to be downgraded.
* The `Kafka.spec.kafka.config` has a `log.message.format.version` that is supported by the version being downgraded to.
* You have checked that your `Kafka.spec.kafka.config` contains no options which are not supported in the version of Kafka being downgraded to.

.Procedure

. Change the `Kafka.spec.kafka.version` to specify the version being upgraded _to_.
If the image to be used is different from the image for the given version of Kafka configured in the Cluster Operator's
`STRIMZI_KAFKA_IMAGES` then configure the `Kafka.spec.kafka.image`.
For example, if downgrading from Kafka 2.1.0 to 2.0.0:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1alpha1
kind: Kafka
spec:
  # ...
  kafka:
    version: 2.0.0
    config:

>       log.message.format.version=2.0

Reviewer: We are using the form with ":" for `config` so it should be : 

`log.message.format.version: "2.0"`

the `2.0` value needs to be a string as well.

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-upgrading-kafka-versions.adoc

[id='proc-downgrading-brokers-older-kafka-{context}']

= Downgrading brokers to an older Kafka version

> This procedure will describe how to downgrade a {ProductName} Kafka cluster from one version to a lower version, for example 2.1.0 to 2.0.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can downgrade a {ProductName} Kafka cluster from one version to a lower version; for example, from 2.1.0 to 2.0.0.
```

IMPORTANT: Downgrading is not possible if the version being downgraded _from_ has ever used a `log.message.format.version` that's not supported by the version being downgraded _to_. 
For example if a 2.1.0 cluster has _always_ been configured with `log.message.format.version=2.0` then downgrading to 2.0 is possible, but downgrading to 1.1.0 is not possible.

.Prerequisites

> * The Cluster Operator up and running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Cluster Operator is up and running.
```

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-upgrading-kafka-versions.adoc

[id='proc-downgrading-brokers-older-kafka-{context}']

= Downgrading brokers to an older Kafka version

You can downgrade a {ProductName} Kafka cluster from one version to a lower version; for example, from 2.1.0 to 2.0.0.

> IMPORTANT: Downgrading is not possible if the version being downgraded _from_ has ever used a `log.message.format.version` that's not supported by the version being downgraded _to_ (including where the default value for `log.message.format.version` is used). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Downgrading is not possible if the version being downgraded _from_ has ever used a `log.message.format.version` that is not supported by the version being downgraded _to_ (including where the default value for `log.message.format.version` is used). 
```

Author: Later on we start talking about the previous and new versions. There's potential for confusion there since this is downgrade, so is that new as in the version being downgraded to, or new as in the newer version which we're downgrading from. I wonder if we should define terms here in the intro to avoid potential for confusion. Wdyt?

.Prerequisites

* The Cluster Operator is up and running.
* A `Kafka` resource to be downgraded.
* The `Kafka.spec.kafka.config` has a `log.message.format.version` that is supported by the version being downgraded to.
* You have checked that your `Kafka.spec.kafka.config` contains no options which are not supported in the version of Kafka being downgraded to.

.Procedure

. Change the `Kafka.spec.kafka.version` to specify the version being downgraded _to_.
If the image to be used is different from the image for the given version of Kafka configured in the Cluster Operator's `STRIMZI_KAFKA_IMAGES` then configure the `Kafka.spec.kafka.image` as well.
+
For example, if downgrading from Kafka 2.1.0 to 2.0.0:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1alpha1
kind: Kafka
spec:
  # ...
  kafka:
    version: 2.0.0 <1>
    config:
      log.message.format.version: "2.0" <2>
      # ...
----
<1> This is changed to the downgraded version
<2> This is unchanged
+
NOTE: It is necessary to format the value of `log.message.format.version` as a string to prevent it being interpreted as a number.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
+
```

Author: AFAICT this doesn't do anything. At least that's what the preview in vscode seems to show. Is this necessary?

Author: And in any case I thought we used + as a connector to make clear that a bunch of what would otherwise look like paragraphs following a list item were instead paragraphs in a list item. Since it's being used here to join one list item with the next clearly my understanding is wrong. Can you explain?

Reviewer 3: I might be wrong, but since I don't have a rendered doc to look at, I'm guessing that because the 'NOTE' is not a bullet and needed a + to render in the right place, the numbered bullet will need the + as well so that it continues the numbering instead of restarting at 1.

Author: A `+` to connect the `NOTE` to the previous item is necessary. A `+` after the note seems to have no effect. Personally I think it's easier to read without this optional `+`, that way each item it separated by a blank line consistently like the rest of the docs.

Reviewer 3: Okey dokey! As long as the numbers are in order and not restarting I'm a-ok.

. Wait for the Cluster Operator to downgrade the cluster.

> If the old and new versions of Kafka have a different interbroker protocol version look in the Cluster Operator logs for a `INFO` level message like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If both the previous and new versions of Kafka have a different interbroker protocol version look in the Cluster Operator logs for an `INFO` level message like:
```

+
[source]
----
Reconciliation #_<num>_(watch) Kafka(_<namespace>_/_<name>_): Kafka version downgrade from _<from-version>_ to _<to-version>_, phase 2 of 2 completed
----
+

> Alternatively, if the old and new versions of Kafka have the same interbroker protocol version look in the Cluster Operator logs for an INFO level message in the following format:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if both the previous and new versions of Kafka have the same interbroker protocol version look in the Cluster Operator logs for an `INFO` level message in the following format:
```

+
[source]
----
Reconciliation #_<num>_(watch) Kafka(_<namespace>_/_<name>_): Kafka version downgrade from _<from-version>_ to _<to-version>_, phase 1 of 1 completed
----
+
For example, using `grep`:
+
[source,shell,subs="+quotes"]
----
oc logs -f _<cluster-operator-pod-name>_ | grep -E "Kafka version downgrade from [0-9.]+ to [0-9.]+, phase ([0-9]+) of \1 completed"
----

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
+
```

> oc logs -f _<cluster-operator-pod-name>_ | grep -E "Kafka version downgrade from [0-9.]+ to [0-9.]+, phase ([0-9]+) of \1 completed"

Author: Do we want a `kubectl` example here too?

> . Downgrade each client application to use the old version of the client libraries.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Downgrade each client application to use the previous version of the client libraries.
```
